go ahead Jessica I think a lot of a lot
of your question really did sort of come
out as we work through some of the the
first pass of the okay ours also Terry
mentions a really good the defend the
documentation deep dive that I think
surface a lot of very core things that
then you know got reflected in this
first draft okay ours I think I think
we're we're in a relatively contiguous
space in terms of what what we're trying
to achieve over the next quarter one
thing I know that my my plan is actually
to and I wanted to double-check this
with everybody is um repurposed to read
me of the main docks repo since that
that doesn't that's an existing place
that seems totally appropriate just to
explain a little bit of the the reason
behind this task force when our meetings
are so on so forth and use that really
is sort of our landing page which would
aggregate something that some of that as
well and so that's on my list of stuff
to do over the next couple of days cool
cool something that that did come to
mind for me especially when I was um was
reading a comment Michelle made kind of
on the three team organization core we'd
been drafting okay ice and stuff like
that was to go back to kind of the core
the core reason that this is so
important to us and to the project this
quarter and why we we think it deserves
to have a task force around it which is
really the understandability the the
ability for people to come to the ipfs
project or be effectively using the ipfs
project and and have a good experience
doing so and that really starts from our
reliability and our our trust in setting
good expectations for what they can and
can't do with the protocol in its
current state what works
what's a work in progress what's still
still a dream of the future and that
we're we're aligning those expectations
and and holding up our side of being a
good partner in let helping them achieve
their goals with with the protocol and
so to me doc
is a really core part of that if we are
doing a bad job communicating that then
we're really failing MEC urban users but
it the goal the goal is not the
documentation itself the goal is not hey
our Doc's should be X it's people have a
great experience who are trying to use
ipfs today getting the information they
need to do so effectively and so it can
I think prioritization is great saying
hey we're gonna focus initially on this
chunk and even just like this subset of
documentation because based on our
information we have based on all of the
feedback people gave us for my PMS camp
we think this is the most painful
section but I do think that where I see
this group evolving over time includes
things like you know we want a COI that
gives really good feedback as people are
trying to use it and points them to
parts of the documentation they might
need in order to effectively make use of
it or I have another example in my head
and it's not gonna be me right now or
like our website I guess maybe which is
you know CVT whether you consider that
documentation or not but like it's a
it's a place where we tell people how
they can make use of ipfs and if it's
not accurate then we're doing them a
disservice and so I just want to make
sure that like we're role lined in like
that's the goal the goal is to help
people use ipfs really effectively and
that we need to kind of measure
ourselves on on that capability I
personally do see the website as part of
that effort and you'll see at least one
of our items on the ok arts is to kind
of bring like sort of bring use cases
into the spotlight on the website and
use them as a metric collection tool and
one of the things that I'd really like
to see i know i mentioned the second
week is that we're not just addressing
how that we're also addressing why and
obviously that's it's more narrative and
it's more stories and i I know it
doesn't fit as directly for some people
and maybe it's more useful for beginners
and people who really feel like they
already know why they're here but I
think do you web in general is not well
understood and the more we can do to get
people from normal web 2d web to Y ipfs
it's
helpful but obviously that's not the
immediate first thing that you'll see
Jessica did you want to pull up a
drafter would you like me to um yeah
let's say I'm gonna grab these two um so
here are the two so basically what we
did just as a recap this is the starting
document that the IP address q3 team
organization which was the ending
document that we worked with in
Barcelona so earlier today we iterated
on that a little bit and you can see the
second link that I just sent over is the
okiya okay our spreadsheet so as I
understand that the aim of this meeting
is to solidify these okay are so let's
go through these point by point let me
know when everybody is on the same page
I can share a screen or it just depends
on when folks would be the most what's
what folks prefer yeah I think sharing
is helpful whether you want to do that
or if you want me to do it if you're
taking notes or whatever either stop
actually yeah if you don't mind doing
that that would be great
sure let me see if I can so this is like
us trying to get this into the format of
this shared spreadsheet
all right so um moving on from from
these onto the first item on this these
consolidates in three categories the
first is really an evaluation of both
the existing content materials as well
as the presentation structure that we're
using to present my classes all right
now as well as to make decisions for how
we need to change and improve being that
this is for the mostly mean obviously
there's a tactical component but being
in mind that this is really a strategic
exercise that we went to last this many
many years we chose to focus on making
good architectural decisions based on
what we've done so far what we've got
and best steps for moving forward and to
make sure that we do those with a great
degree of diligence before we just start
making stuff that may need to be ripped
out or redone in the future so that in
mind there's three things in this first
goal the first is to complete a
continent audit of ipfs i/o using the
existing the existing structure for
content on it that we put into place at
Porsche worked on that what current
cluster we've already put a methodology
into place for that to good results so
using that methodology do a Content
audit of ipfs IO realizing that that is
not 100 percent of the entire ecosystem
but that is are the biggest piece to
chew you know obviously if we magically
end up with more time we can expand that
but we want to make sure that the basic
thing we're gonna cover in q3 is is to
do a good thorough content on that if I
confess that I owe Porsche is the one
who is owning that before she did you
want to add anything to that I think
you're on you um not really that being
said what I could do but I need to if
you give me a minute to look for it I
can show you some other resources I'm
looking at that will inform what this
deep dive evaluation would look like for
the content audit and the actual cluster
audit - so you can see what the
framework looks like and you can also
see like um what kind of information is
informing what this evaluation ipfs
tyoma was like cool we may be a little
bit short on time to dig into any of the
details of each of them but I think
that's something we probably want to do
in Thursday that's all right with you
great great um come on
so this would mean in three months three
months from now we would have kind of
like a set of screens of the website and
kind of the the value add that they're
having and and what we'll use their
brains we did effectually have like a
map of the website and all of the
content that lives within it and maybe
some amount of information or feedback
loop on whether or not that content is
out of date and needs help is there any
will happen easily my feedback loop is
like from from like you know three
months from now if by the end of
September that we we kind of we have
that high level picture but we haven't
done anything about it
that seems like we're we're you know
taking taking a slow and long-term
approach to something that is also a
short-term problem a lot of things a lot
of things reveal themselves over the
course of the eyes simply by doing an
entire an entire inventory all right
simply by doing an inventory of of
actually getting all that information in
one place a lot of things do self emerge
um we do need to do that audit work in
order to determine our next steps
however that said you know as though
it's not just here's all the stuff we
have it's here's how we get two items
here's now we get out of these items
here are where these items are linked
from and other places in our ecosystem
so I think you what portion is putting
together is something that enables you
to mobilize pretty quickly it's not that
we need to go sit on this for you know
another month to do analysis good thing
this thing becomes useful and yeah one
thing to add to that I would say is that
we gotta be careful about it's a
combination of wayfinding so far just
understanding where we are at this point
stay at point time and see if we can
direct people to those appropriate bits
of information quicker and that'll give
us the short term goal long term is
actually understanding the audience or
what they want to achieve and then
building some kind of product or
platform that will basically facilitate
that and that is a gonna be ongoing so I
think that's like by the end of the
three months we'd like to have that sort
of broader vision scope in place and
understand on the landscape what people
are using currently to do that
effectively and and what development
effort is required to do that as well
for us and whether we want to commit to
that much obviously it's a thing that
needs to roll out across all the
products so we'll start with IKEA fest
but it'll probably you know touch them
cluster and BP and all the other
products as well so it'd be nice to have
a uniform way to do that and and that's
a bit more complex doesn't say
especially we add in like translations
and community engagement all that stuff
so I think yeah we'd be nice to like by
the end of this we can kind of move some
of the furniture in these tasks but I
think overall these picture this is the
bigger picture stuff that we need to
kind of get done but then perhaps like
if there's more fires in this one area
then we should focus on that immediately
to kind of create some short-term value
yeah I think my feedback loop on this is
like you seem like the important areas
but they all seem to create artifacts of
long-term planning by the end of this
quarter and spend this quarter on doing
kind of evaluation work and I think that
evaluation work is important and we need
to do some of it in order to start doing
any next steps my question is more like
can we find ways to front
some scrappy evaluation works such that
we can also make tactical improvements
that we can measure throughout the
quarter instead of starting improvement
in q4 which just seems like a long alone
wait in order to start making progress I
want to see more of a hybrid approach
where we're actually actively making
some improvement as we go along that we
can we can measure ourselves on well
that does tie itself into the third of
the primary goals under that spreadsheet
and the third one is to improve
two-degree existing content but also to
do that with an emphasis on collecting
metrics that are going to enable us
alongside you know what we're doing and
in sections wanted to to be able to make
sure that we're focusing our efforts on
things that are that are useful that we
know that are useful that aren't
spinning our wheels um carry on the
number of improvements that you know
very tactical improvements of protocol
that in doing so are going to collect
metrics about how people are using the
learning resources that they've got
which are going to enable us to make
good decisions in conjunction with this
content audit and in conjunction with
hiring somebody to actually be producing
the content now all of these things do
converge and able to in order to enable
us to move quite quickly
yeah all of this adds up together to
really make us a much more useful force
um so that said yeah that's one of the
reasons why we're taking this approach
so that you know we're not one thing
that worries me is I don't want to be
creating content or amending content
that turns out not to be what we eat and
we haven't really necessarily been able
to do a terrifically good evaluation of
where our content is failing us at this
point so working with us on what flawed
knowledge to be able to create a whole
bunch of new content especially when we
don't have this acne to create the
content itself is a little bit of a
tricky thing um you know but we are
trying very wholeheartedly to try to
make this something that you know once
once as the pieces come into place we
are able to move at a higher speed so
that that phase in the rows four and
five or rather five and six on this
open-air spreadsheet five and six are
sort of working in
they are not dependent on each other but
they do work very closely together one
ro5 is to work as a team as a whole to
create a prioritized features list for
what we want our documentation platform
to be that is based on our own personal
wish list that's based on research and
competitive spirit and now I guess
documentation sites that also works in
conjunction with something that's a bit
more of chris's task which is to
determine a best possible tech stack or
framework for the ipfs oxide which will
then be used to inform future dioxide is
instead we want to make sure that we're
not creating a lot of our own bespoke
stuff when already existing things are
out there that work just as well if not
better we want to make sure that it's
something that is easier for a broader
number of people to contribute to an
edit which is one of our major failings
right now so this is those three things
together sort of illustrate the
strategic component yes that is strategy
on we're getting closer to tactical
improvements as you get on that list
yeah the last item the twelve and
content and metrics mechanism to IDF SEO
and that's focused on like kind of why
are people coming to the IP of us today
a website what are they hoping to get
out of my PFS right so so we're using
we're using a strongman question for
that that enables us both to test some
of the things that you just mentioned
and then also to get a better grip on
the goal goal based persona
so what we're intending to do is put a
question up front Center and I think
that's at i/o that says what do you want
to do with IPF SEO I I work with large
datasets or I am concerned about data
provenance or so on so forth it's it's
the very beginning of what would
eventually be like a very large user an
adventure book style way of getting into
the documentation starting with your
initial goal in mind functionally what
these folks are gonna get is you know a
link to you know they're not gonna at
this at this stage in the game get
personalized instructions for how to get
started without doing those for large
datasets because that's much more
towards our end goal what this does do
is enable us to fly test those goal
based personas to see how many people
are associated which
and then also just to see who's clicking
on what your that's sort of the
beginnings of of some passive metrics
they're going to inform the
documentation we have a future yeah I
think I'd like to see us use this
approach more often I think it sounds
great in that hey we have tons of people
who are coming to us we have you know
four hundred monthly contributors on
github and I DFS and I'm sure a lot of
those people are touching our dock site
at some point and if they could point us
to the things that are wrong with it or
point us to the things that have not
been useful on it like that
that is a great feedback and focusing
look where instead of you know making it
the the core responsibility of the
people who are doing the content audit
to point to these things like let's make
use of the fact that it's an oaken open
ecosystem that a lot of people are
experiencing and try and use that
feedback loop to both focus our time and
also get us baseline metrics on where we
are today which then let us compare and
contrast as we make things better you
know are we are we solving the problem
and and Terry I don't want to steal your
thunder but I know that some of your
work on protocol is devoted toward
implementing some of these inline
metrics like that is this useful sort of
button type of pressure you had a couple
of things on your list and we're also
intending to use evidence of how how
that is received and protocol to help
inform wrong number five and and the
sort of feature set that we would want
on on the main ipfs talks in terms of
feedback mechanisms that's that's part
of that features inventory conscious so
doing something like this on the current
talk site is included amongst other
feedback loops within that line item
yeah I mean and and it you know it may
be that based on the decisions that we
make as part of these you know we may
need to the cleanest way to do that is
incorporated into whatever next-gen
dioxide it is if the next-gen dioxide
doesn't enable us to get feedback quick
enough we may need to jerry-rig
something in the existing dockside I
mean that's that's really that's that
sort of in-flight stuff that we're gonna
have to figure out as we go but you know
really bro five is about here are all of
the features that we want in in the most
beautiful fantastic perfect dock site in
the world what gets implemented in what
order and what's on on the new platform
versus the existing platform you bet
that is going to have to be open to some
tactical discussion as we get further
down that path there's something give us
3 minute warning and I am a hard stuff
yeah I guess the thing I was trying to
point out which rereading rule 5 it
doesn't seem to quite get out which is
like not just from a features
perspective but from a Content LOI
child's head to side and hold for five
to ten seconds from a Content
perspective having kind of a prioritized
list through feedback loops with the
community I think that that could get us
a lot farther and doing this content
audit by ourselves and so I'd I'd
encourage this group to also think about
ways to make use of our public community
channels or existing sites in order to
prioritize and then actually actually
like do improvements on those
documentation even if they are like
tactical or redirecting things I think
if we can start seeing value even if it
is not if even if it's something we're
gonna get rid of in six months fixing
some glaring open issues in the short
term could still be really useful so
like if we if we can use some feedback
loop to find P zeros then also hitting
those key zeros so that they don't cause
people pain for the next six months I
think would be worth our time instead
would you like us to go into like github
issues Reddit and Stack Overflow to get
feedback from the community and make
changes based on the issues and the
notes that we see from those different
platforms I think that could be doing
doing an audit of that and like
including that in a Content audit of
like where are people's current problems
with our documentation I think that
would make a lot of sense you could also
use feedback on the doc site itself to
understand where people are having
with it but I think getting that
feedback loop on the content not just on
the features needed of a new content
platform is something that can is really
useful and useful to start tracking from
the metrics perspective as well right
I think Eric's really big on thumbs-up
thumbs-down things right now so I'm sure
he'd be very happy if we went through
everything and what pray tell down this
tell us more you're off my screen I'm
sorry I need to leave you guys for my
other call but feel free to ping me if
you have more questions without the
pooris cool stuff they have fine link
there and and I have another I have
another meeting as well I think I think
the things that we're talking about is
really at the junction of the content
audit and the features wish list yeah
those two things are going to work in
conjunction with each other um what that
does mean is that we may end up you're
realistically speaking me to prioritize
things around the features wish list in
order to get more detailed information
about the things that we suspect as a
result of the information on it yeah we
may be looking through the content on it
and look at things and find out that we
may we may find some glaring oversight
in a certain amount of content we might
find that you know sort of mid-range
onboarding as a result of the audit
starting to feel really bad and that is
going to reveal that we may need to be
more aggressive about how we ask people
stuff and that that you know is it
necessarily gonna be like oh well let's
just wait till we have a new shiny done
you know that's that's gonna be yeah we
want to stop and and dig into this a
little bit deeper either through adding
some metrics to the existing or
questionnaire mechanisms or something
for the existing documentation and or
some other means but I think one thing
we want to make sure is that we is that
we baked some leeway into this quarter
in order to act on those things as they
reveal themselves
yeah even just having a line item for
like we identify and resolve like 3p0
documentation issues or something like
that would make me feel more confident
that we're prioritizing a set of our
time to be resolving open
painful issues for our users and my
worry is that will will in an attempt to
do a really holistic long-term process
will not deliver any value for a long
time to our users and so we'll kind of
continue and perpetuate this experience
that hey our documentation site sucks
because we haven't actually improved it
we've been analyzing it and and I'd like
to see us like just just for like the
most p0 of those things like actually go
in and make hah sixes or at the very
least just be like this is outdated or
something
so as we're doing this content analysis
so that people can start relying on our
documentation more or at least
understand what they can't rely on in
the short term in addition to having the
long term be more accurate alright so
we'll need to add movie to add some
additional additional ok arts in the
section three groups like that thank you
okay we are running over time what else
what else do we owe you Molly and the
immediacy in order to keep things moving
forward I know in most ahead in terms of
actually getting your thing in the
spreadsheet so if we can try and aim to
finalize the list in the spreadsheet by
end of week that would be awesome
and you guys seem well on track just I
know you guys have another meeting on
Thursday to continue iterating on it you
and I need to have a separate discussion
about getting this hiring thing sorted
out I'm a whale next week and I want to
make sure that we are yeah we can't lose
two weeks on that circle well we have
really really bad way alright um and
then I'm on my calendar we can find time
to talk through it later this afternoon
or tomorrow afternoon oh you're your
calendar is more chaotic than I am and
your time is more valuable than I own to
go ahead and just find whatever's to
medium for you and okay okay thank you
everybody will see you on Thursday
you